Yes, in the Imperial Building.
Ok ok
Li Wushuang
You'll know the consequences when the law and order are great
I'm so afraid you're talking nonsense.
What the hell is going on?
Did you really pick up Lord Jianzun's mobile phone?
Ah mom
I have used this phone for so many years
How could it be picked up?
So what?
You can throw away the phone you found.
Put the card in your phone
Hey, this anti-child thunder shouldn't have been born
If he really impersonates Lord Sword Lord
Our entire Li family will also cause disaster
Dad, don't be afraid
We have Lord Zilong to call the shots for us
It can prove that Li Wushuang has been expelled from our Li family
Can't implicate me
I've had enough of this.
I thought you were a minor character
I don't want to clean you up
Thinking about the same root
Why is it too urgent to fry each other?
But you keep trying to die
Then I'll teach you a lesson
What are you going to teach me a lesson?
What can you do to teach me a lesson, you wait
Make Yunchen Li Jia famous in the business world in one minute
See you.
The glorious Li Tang Group inherited by the Li family
You think it's just a word from you
Can you destroy my Li family?
I don't know. We'll see won't we. I'll wait.
What!